Sheep in fog. 
The hills step off into whiteness. People or stars regard me sadly, I disappoint them. The train leaves a line of breath. O slow horse the colour of rust, hooves, dolorous bells - all morning the morning has been blackening, a flower left out. My bones hold a stillness, the far fields melt my heart. They threaten to let me through to a heaven starless and fatherless, a dark water. 
The Munich Mannequins 
Perfection is terrible, it cannot have children. Cold as snow breath, it tamps the womb where the yew trees blow like hydras, the tree of life and the tree of life unloosing their moons, month after month, to no purpose. The blood flood is the flood of love, the absolute sacrifice. It means: no more idols but me, me and you. So, in their sulfur loveliness, in their smiles these mannequins lean tonight in Munich, morgue between Paris and Rome, naked and bald in their furs, orange lollies on silver sticks, intolerable, without minds. The snow drops its pieces of darkness, nobody's about. In the hotels hands will be opening doors and setting down shoes for a polish of carbon into which broad toes will go tomorrow. O the domesticity of these windows, the baby lace, the green-leaved confectionery, the thick Germans slumbering in their bottomless Stolz. And the black phones on hooks glittering glittering and digesting voicelessness. The snow has no voice. Mushrooms. 
Child 
Your clear eye is the one absolutely beautiful thing. I want to fill it with color and ducks, the zoo of the new whose names you meditate --- april snowdrop, Indian pipe, little stalk without wrinkle, pool in which images should be grand and classical not this troublous wringing of hands, this dark ceiling without a star. 
Kindness 
Kindness glides about my house. Dame kindness, she is so nice! The blue and red jewels of her rings smoke in the windows, the mirrors are filling with smiles. What is so real as the cry of a child? A rabbit's cry may be wilder but it has no soul. Sugar can cure everything, so kindness says. Sugar is a necessary fluid, its crystals a little poultice. O kindness, kindness sweetly picking up pieces! My Japanese silks, desperate butterflies, may be pinned any minute, anesthetized. And here you come, with a cup of tea wreathed in steam. The blood jet is poetry, there is no stopping it. You hand me two children, two roses. 
Edge 
The woman is perfected. Her dead body wears the smile of accomplishment, the illusion of a Greek necessity flows in the scrolls of her toga, her bare feet seem to be saying: we have come so far, it is over. Each dead child coiled, a white serpent, one at each little pitcher of milk, now empty. She has folded them back into her body as petals of a rose close when the garden stiffens and odors bleed from the sweet, deep throats of the night flower. The moon has nothing to be sad about, staring from her hood of bone. She is used to this sort of thing. Her blacks crackle and drag. 
Balloons 
Since Christmas they have lived with us, guileless and clear, oval soul-animals, taking up half the space, moving and rubbing on the silk invisible air drifts, giving a shriek and pop when attacked, then scooting to rest, barely trembling. Yellow cathead, blue fish--- such queer moons we live with instead of dead furniture! Straw mats, white walls and these traveling globes of thin air, red, green, delighting the heart like wishes or free peacocks blessing old ground with a feather beaten in starry metals. Your small brother is making his balloon squeak like a cat. Seeming to see a funny pink world he might eat on the other side of it, he bites, then sits back, fat jug contemplating a world clear as water. A red shred in his little fist. 
Contusion 
Color floods to the spot, dull purple. The rest of the body is all washed out, The color of pearl. In a pit of rock the sea sucks obsessively, one hollow the whole sea's pivot. The size of a fly, the doom mark crawls down the wall. The heart shuts, the sea slides back, the mirrors are sheeted. 
Words 
Axes after whose stroke the wood rings, and the echoes! Echoes traveling off from the center like horses. The sap wells like tears, like the water striving to re-establish its mirror over the rock that drops and turns, A white skull, eaten by weedy greens. Years later I encounter them on the road--- words dry and riderless, the indefatigable hoof-taps. While from the bottom of the pool, fixed stars govern a life. 
Mystic 
The air is a mill of hooks---- questions without answer, glittering and drunk as flies Whose kiss stings unbearably in the fetid wombs of black air under pines in summer. I remember the dead smell of sun on wood cabins, the stiffness of sails, the long salt winding sheets. Once one has seen God, what is the remedy? Once one has been seized up without a part left over, not a toe, not a finger, and used, used utterly, in the sun's conflagration, the stains that lengthen from ancient cathedrals what is the remedy? The pill of the communion tablet, the walking beside still water? Memory? Or picking up the bright pieces Of Christ in the faces of rodents, the tame flower-nibblers, the ones whose hopes are so low they are comfortable----- the humpback in his small, washed cottage Under the spokes of the clematis. Is there no great love, only tenderness? Does the sea remember the walker upon it? Meaning leaks from the molecules. The chimneys of the city breathe, the window sweats, the children leap in their cots. The sun blooms, it is a geranium. The heart has not stopped. 
Gigolo 
Pocket watch, I tick well. The streets are lizardy crevices sheer-sided, with holes where to hide. It is best to meet in a cul-de-sac, a palace of velvet with windows of mirrors. There one is safe, there are no family photographs, no rings through the nose, no cries. Bright fish hooks, the smiles of women gulp at my bulk and I, in my snazzy blacks, mill a litter of breasts like jellyfish. To nourish the cellos of moans I eat eggs - eggs and fish, the essentials, the aphrodisiac squid. My mouth sags, the mouth of Christ when my engine reaches the end of it. The tattle of my gold joints, my way of turning bitches to ripples of silver rolls out a carpet, a hush. And there is no end, no end of it. I shall never grow old. New oysters shriek in the sea and I glitter like fontainebleau gratified, all the fall of water and eye over whose pool I tenderly lean and see me. 
Paralytic 
It happens. Will it go on?--- my mind a rock, no fingers to grip, no tongue, my god the iron lung that loves me, pumps my two dust bags in and out, will not let me relapse while the day outside glides by like ticker tape. The night brings violets, tapestries of eyes, lights, the soft anonymous talkers: 'You all right?' the starched, inaccessible beast. Dead egg, I lie whole on a whole world I cannot touch, at the white, tight drum of my sleeping couch photographs visit me--- my wife, dead and flat, in 1920 furs, mouth full of pearls, two girls as flat as she, who whisper 'We're your daughters.' The still waters wrap my lips, eyes, nose and ears, A clear cellophane I cannot crack. On my bare back I smile, a buddha, all wants, desire falling from me like rings hugging their lights. The claw of the magnolia, drunk on its own scents, asks nothing of life. 
Totem 
The engine is killing the track, the track is silver, it stretches into the distance. It will be eaten nevertheless. Its running is useless. At nightfall there is the beauty of drowned fields, dawn gilds the farmers like pigs, swaying slightly in their thick suits, white towers of Smithfield ahead, fat haunches and blood on their minds. There is no mercy in the glitter of cleavers, the butcher's guillotine that whispers: 'How's this, how's this?' in the bowl the hare is aborted, its baby head out of the way, embalmed in spice, flayed of fur and humanity. Let us eat it like Plato's afterbirth, let us eat it like Christ. These are the people that were important--- their round eyes, their teeth, their grimaces on a stick that rattles and clicks, a counterfeit snake. Shall the hood of the cobra appall me--- the loneliness of its eye, the eye of the mountains through which the sky eternally threads itself? The world is blood-hot and personal Dawn says, with its blood-flush. There is no terminus, only suitcases out of which the same self unfolds like a suit bald and shiny, with pockets of wishes, notions and tickets, short circuits and folding mirrors. I am mad, calls the spider, waving its many arms. And in truth it is terrible, multiplied in the eyes of the flies. They buzz like blue children in nets of the infinite, roped in at the end by the one death with its many sticks. 